Todo/Tasks/Index.md, before:

# Index

## Update `webconsole` gem

* [x] `require_relative`
* [x] Specify ruby version in gem file
* [x] Update gem version number
* [x] Build and upload new ruby gem
* [x] Update all plugins to use new version of gem
	* `bundle update`
	* `bundle clean`
* [x] Make sure this causes the `Gemfile.lock` to update?
* [x] Follow-up above, that only latest version of `webconsole` gem exists in each bundle directory
* [ ] Run tests locally
* [ ] Merge changes back to master and push
* [ ] Pull & run tests on virtual machine

## Follow-up Cleanup

* [x] Replace my require full path with `require_relative` everywhere
* [ ] Make sure everything is cleaned up
	* Search for `LIB_` e.g., `LIB_DIRECTORY`

## Refactoring

* [ ] I might be overly aggressively specifying scope, e.g.:

		module WcIRB
		  class Wrapper < WcREPL::Wrapper
		  
		  	# [...]
		  
		    def output_controller
		      if !@output_controller
		        @output_controller = WcIRB::OutputController.new(window_manager)
		      end
		      return @output_controller
		    end
	
	I don't think I need to specify `WcIRB::` because I'm already in the `WcIRB` module?
* [ ] Replace all javascript calls with new helper `def self.javascript_function(function, arguments)`
	* Do a test for this
	* Controllers should not call `do_javascript` or `load_html` directly, instead those should call helper methods, also the `self.javascript_function` should be moved onto the view
* [ ] Do that `title` helper method for all plugins
	* The plugin name should be included as a environment variable
	* Use `PLUGIN_NAME_KEY` for this
	* Add a test for it
* [ ] `http` links should open in the browser?
	* Test missing dependencies (e.g., linking to "homebrew") work with this

## Building & Running Plugins

* [ ] Move `Git.wcplugin` somewhere else, make it load from `Application Support`
* [ ] Make it so the user can have plugins loaded from their user `Application Support` folder
* [ ] TextMate Bundle
* [ ] Shell Scripts
	* These require the Ruby gem
	* For now just `gem install webconsole` globally
	* Test the HTML and Markdown Gems on Virtual Machine

## Continued

* [ ] Work on [Web Console Documentation](Tasks/Web%20Console%20Documentation.md)
* [ ] Figure out how to publish various extras
	* TextMate Bundle?
	* Shell Scripts?
		* `wccoffee.rb`
		* `wchtml.rb`
		* `wcirb.rb`
		* `wcmarkdown.rb`
		* `wcnode.rb`
		* `wcsearch.rb`
* [ ] Fix the `PluginEditorPrototype` toolbar for screenshots
* [ ] Record screencasts
* [ ] Do an app icon

Commit message:

Fixed occassional failing test when waiting for tasks to run and finish

Todo/Tasks/Index.md, after:

# Index

## Todo

* [ ] Fix occasional test failure, if an `NSTask` starts and finishes running between the polling interval

## Update `webconsole` gem

* [x] `require_relative`
* [x] Specify ruby version in gem file
* [x] Update gem version number
* [x] Build and upload new ruby gem
* [x] Update all plugins to use new version of gem
	* `bundle update`
	* `bundle clean`
* [x] Make sure this causes the `Gemfile.lock` to update?
* [x] Follow-up above, that only latest version of `webconsole` gem exists in each bundle directory
* [ ] Run tests locally
* [ ] Merge changes back to master and push
* [ ] Pull & run tests on virtual machine

## Follow-up Cleanup

* [x] Replace my require full path with `require_relative` everywhere
* [ ] Make sure everything is cleaned up
	* Search for `LIB_` e.g., `LIB_DIRECTORY`

## Refactoring

* [ ] I might be overly aggressively specifying scope, e.g.:

		module WcIRB
		  class Wrapper < WcREPL::Wrapper
		  
		  	# [...]
		  
		    def output_controller
		      if !@output_controller
		        @output_controller = WcIRB::OutputController.new(window_manager)
		      end
		      return @output_controller
		    end
	
	I don't think I need to specify `WcIRB::` because I'm already in the `WcIRB` module?
* [ ] Replace all javascript calls with new helper `def self.javascript_function(function, arguments)`
	* Do a test for this
	* Controllers should not call `do_javascript` or `load_html` directly, instead those should call helper methods, also the `self.javascript_function` should be moved onto the view
* [ ] Do that `title` helper method for all plugins
	* The plugin name should be included as a environment variable
	* Use `PLUGIN_NAME_KEY` for this
	* Add a test for it
* [ ] `http` links should open in the browser?
	* Test missing dependencies (e.g., linking to "homebrew") work with this

## Building & Running Plugins

* [ ] Move `Git.wcplugin` somewhere else, make it load from `Application Support`
* [ ] Make it so the user can have plugins loaded from their user `Application Support` folder
* [ ] TextMate Bundle
* [ ] Shell Scripts
	* These require the Ruby gem
	* For now just `gem install webconsole` globally
	* Test the HTML and Markdown Gems on Virtual Machine

## Continued

* [ ] Work on [Web Console Documentation](Tasks/Web%20Console%20Documentation.md)
* [ ] Figure out how to publish various extras
	* TextMate Bundle?
	* Shell Scripts?
		* `wccoffee.rb`
		* `wchtml.rb`
		* `wcirb.rb`
		* `wcmarkdown.rb`
		* `wcnode.rb`
		* `wcsearch.rb`
* [ ] Fix the `PluginEditorPrototype` toolbar for screenshots
* [ ] Record screencasts
* [ ] Do an app icon
